feat(sdk): document new methods [WEB-1499] (#401)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/integrations/javascript-sdk/swap-assets/request-deposit-address/v1.mdx

Reviewer: we need to update the link for request-deposit-address in the migration guide page.
Also maybe make sense to update that page to refer to `requestDepositAddressv2`

If the minimum price cannot be met with the available liquidity during the specified number of blocks, deposited assets will
be refunded to the specified refund address.

A minimum accepted price is specified as the ratio between the human readable
destination amount and the human readable source amount e.g. `3500` for a swap

> from ETH to USDC if you want to receive after least `3500` USDC per ETH. Prices

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from ETH to USDC if you want to receive at least `3500` USDC per ETH. Prices
```

are checked on the AMM level and do not include deposit or broadcast fees.
To calculate a `minPrice` based on a [quote](../get-quote.md), the `estimatedPrice` value is multiplied
with the desired slippage tolerance. For example, `quote.estimatedPrice * 99 / 100` specifies a 1% slippage
tolerance relative to the quote.

> Refunds are subject to a broadcast fee on the source chain to pay for the
> transactions sent by the Chainflip protocol. Any boost or deposit fee paid will
> not be refunded.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refunds are subject to broadcast and deposit fee on the source chain to pay for the
transactions sent by the Chainflip protocol. Any boost fee paid will also
not be refunded.

```

Author: The deposit fee is taken before the refund. When the swap is refunded, we have a new fee to broadcast it.

  destAddress: "bc1qar0srrr7xfkvy5l643lydnw9re59gtzzwf5mdq",
  amount: (1.5e18).toString(), // 1.5 ETH
  brokerCommissionBps: 100, // 100 basis point = 1%

>   // ❗ `fillOrKillParams` are required when requesting a DCA deposit channel ❗

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // ❗ `fillOrKillParams` required when requesting a DCA deposit channel ❗
```
